<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="d28e105"><title>Installing Prerequisite Libraries</title><taskbody><context><p>The VMware vSphere CLI is required for access to the
      <codeph outputclass="literal">resxtop</codeph> command, which enables <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> to model and gather performance information
      about individual ESX servers.</p><p>Follow these steps to install the CLI and required
      software:</p></context><steps-informal><ol>
        <li>
          <p>If you have not yet installed it, install the OpenSSL
          development package. For example, for an RPM-based system,
          enter:</p>

          <codeblock outputclass="programlisting">yum install openssl-devel</codeblock>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>From your VMware account, download the VMware vSphere
          CLI.</p>

          <note>
            <p>For downloads and documentation, go to:</p>

            <p><xref href="http://downloads.vmware.com/d/details/vcli41/ZHcqYmRoaCpiZHRAag==" scope="external" format="html">http://downloads.vmware.com/d/details/vcli41/ZHcqYmRoaCpiZHRAag==</xref></p>
          </note>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Copy the package to each <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> collector.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>For each collector:</p>

          <ol>
            <li>
              <p>Expand the package file.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Run the following command to install the package:</p>

              <codeblock outputclass="programlisting">./vmware-install.pl</codeblock>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>As the zenoss user, run the following command to verify
              successful installation:</p>

              <codeblock outputclass="programlisting">resxtop --server <i>myESXServer</i> --user userOnRemoteEsxServerAllowedToUseEsxTop -b -n 1 -a</codeblock>

              <p>The <codeph outputclass="literal">resxtop</codeph> command prompts for a
              password.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Enter the password for a user with permissions on the
              remote ESX server.</p>

              <p>If the command is working correctly, then a screen
              displays with several pages of command output.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Create a symbolic link from the location that the
              <codeph outputclass="literal">resxtop</codeph> command was installed into the
              <filepath outputclass="literal">$ZENHOME/libexec</filepath> directory. This allows the
              <codeph outputclass="literal">check_esxtop </codeph>command to automatically
              determine which binary to run. For example:</p>

              <codeblock outputclass="programlisting">cd $ZENHOME/libexec
ln -s <i>PathToResxtop</i></codeblock>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Test the <codeph outputclass="literal">check_esxtop</codeph> command by
              showing the VMs on the remote server:</p>

              <codeblock outputclass="programlisting">$ZENHOME/ZenPacks/Ze*EsxTop*/Z*/z*/E*/libexec/check_esxtop --server=myEsxserver \
 --user=userOnRemoteEsxServerAllowedToUseEsxTop --password=password --showvms</codeblock>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      </ol></steps-informal></taskbody></task>